Install object storage support (azure/s3) (#571)
pulp/pulp_installer: docs/quickstart.md

ansible-playbook install.yml -u <managed_node_username> --ask-become-pass
```
<script id="asciicast-335829" src="https://asciinema.org/a/335829.js" async data-autoplay="true" data-speed="2"></script>

Storage
-------

> For enabling s3/azure storage please refer to [our docs](https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulpcore/installation/storage.html) and the [example playbooks](https://github.com/pulp/pulp_installer/tree/master/playbooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up and configure Amazon S3 or Azure storage to use with Pulp, follow the storage configuration instructions in [our docs](https://docs.pulpproject.org/pulpcore/installation/storage.html) and the [example playbooks](https://github.com/pulp/pulp_installer/tree/master/playbooks).
```
What do they have to do with the example playbooks? This is unclear to me!
